
--项目表
create table Project 
(
Id integer  primary key unique,
Name varchar(10) UNQUE not null,
type numeric(1) default 1,
updatepath  varchar(50) not null,
updateuser varchar(50) not null,
updatepsd varchar(50) not null,
updatetype  numeric(1) default 1,
testpath varchar(50) not null,
testuser varchar(50) not null,
testpsd varchar(50) not null,
copypath varchar(50) not null,
copyuser varchar(50) not null,
copypsd varchar(50) not null,
startpath varchar(50) not null,
stoppath varchar(50) not null,
prostatus numeric(1) default 1,
mainpro  numeric(1) default 0,
startapp numeric(1) default 1,
copynum numeric(2) default 20,
updatetime DATETIME default (datetime('now', 'localtime'))  
);

